FR833282333_SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD
 TC PLCC PDF 184-017-00 WF7573945KS
 9/2024
 1
 SYNCHRONY BANK
 SECTION I: RATES AND FEES TABLE
 SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD  ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
 PRICING INFORMATION
 Interest Rates and Interest Charges
 Annual Percentage
 Rate (APR) for Purchases
 34.99%
 Penalty APR and When It
 Applies
 39.99%
 This APR may be applied to your account if you make a late payment.
 How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If your APRs are increased for this reason, the
 Penalty APR may remain in effect indefinitely.
 Paying Interest Your due date is at least 23 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you
 any interest on non-promotional purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date
 each month. We will begin charging interest on promotional purchases on the purchase date.
 Minimum Interest Charge If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
 Fees
 Transaction Fees
 lPromotional 2% of total promotional transaction amount for some promotions with a duration of 18
 months or more.
 Penalty Fees
 lLate Payment Up to $41.
 lReturned Payment Up to $41.
 How We Will Calculate Your
 Balance
 We use a method called “daily balance.” See your credit card account agreement below
 for more details.
 Paper Statement Fee $1.99 per month.
2
 SECTION II: RATES, FEES AND PAYMENT INFORMATION
 SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
 How Interest Is Calculated
 Your Interest Rate We use a daily rate to calculate the interest on the balance on your account each day. The daily rate is the APR
 times 1/365. Interest will be imposed in amounts or at rates not in excess of those permitted by applicable law.
 l The daily rate for purchases is .09587% (APR 34.99%).
 l The daily rate for Penalty APR is .10957% (APR 39.99%).
 A Penalty APR may be applied if we do not receive the total minimum payment due on your account by the
 payment due date two or more times during any 12 consecutive billing cycles. Once the Penalty APR is in
 effect, the daily rates and APRs will increase and may apply to all new transactions. After we apply the Penalty
 APR, we will review your account from time to time to see if a reduction in APR is appropriate.
 When We Charge Interest We charge interest on your purchases from the date you make the purchase until you pay the purchase in full.
 See exceptions below.
 l We will not charge you interest during a billing cycle on any new non-promotional purchases if:
 1. You had no balance at the start of the billing cycle; OR
 2. You had a balance at the start of the billing cycle and you paid that balance in full by the due date in
 that billing cycle.
 We always charge interest on promotional purchases and their related fees from the date you make the
 purchase.
 l We will credit, as of the start of the billing cycle, any payment you make by the due date that we allocate to
 non-promotional purchases if:
 1. You had no balance at the start of the previous billing cycle; OR
 2. You had a balance at the start of the previous billing cycle and you paid that balance in full by the due
 date in the previous billing cycle.
 If you did not pay your balance in full in the prior billing cycle, interest will be calculated on your balance from
 the first day of the current billing cycle until we receive your payment in full, even if you pay your balance in full
 and on time and make no new charges in the current billing cycle. This interest, plus interest on that interest,
 will be reflected on your next billing statement.
 How We Calculate Interest We figure the interest charge on your account separately for each balance type. We do this by applying the
 daily rate to the daily balance for each day in the billing cycle. A separate daily balance is calculated for the
 following balance types, as applicable: purchases and balances subject to different interest rates, plans or special
 promotions. See below for how this works.
 1. How to get the daily balance: We take the starting balance each day, add any new charges and fees, and
 subtract any payments or credits. This gives us the daily balance. Debt cancellation fees, if any, and late
 payment fees, returned payment fees and paper statement fees are treated as new purchases. Promotional
 fees are added to the applicable promotional purchase balance.
 2. How to get the daily interest amount: We multiply each daily balance by the daily rate that applies.
 3. How to get the starting balance for the next day: We add the daily interest amount in step 2 to the daily
 balance from step 1.
 4. How to get the interest charge for the billing cycle: We add all the daily interest amounts that were charged
 during the billing cycle.
 We charge a minimum of $2.00 of interest in any billing cycle in which you owe interest. Interest, as calculated
 above, is added as applicable to each balance type. Minimum interest charges in excess of the calculated interest
 are treated as new purchases.
3
 How Fees Work
 Paper Statement Fee We will charge a $1.99 monthly Paper Statement Fee to your account. We will charge this fee in any billing cycle
 in which your balance is greater than $2.50 and you are sent a monthly billing statement in paper form, even if
 you also are provided it in electronic form. You can avoid the fee each billing cycle you are provided your monthly
 billing statement only in electronic form. To make an election regarding the form of your monthly billing statement,
 please log in to our servicing site.
 Promotional Fee We will charge this fee, which may be referred to as a promo fee, for promotions 18 months or longer with
 no interest and required equal monthly payments. The promotional fee will be calculated based on the total
 promotional transaction amount, including taxes, delivery and other applicable charges. The promotional fee will
 be included in your promotional purchase balance used to calculate your required equal monthly payments.
 Late Payment Fee We will charge this fee if we do not receive the total minimum payment due on your account by the due date in
 accordance with the requirements set forth on each billing statement. This fee is equal to:
 1. $30, if you have paid your total minimum payment due by the due date in each of the prior six billing cycles.
 OR
 2. $41, if you have failed to pay your total minimum payment due by the due date in any one or more of the
 prior six billing cycles.
 The late payment fee will not be more than the total minimum payment that was due.
 Returned Payment Fee We will charge this fee for any returned payment, such as if any check, other instrument, or electronic payment
 authorization you provide us in payment on your account is not honored, returned unpaid or cannot be processed
 for any reason. This fee is equal to:
 1. $30, if you have not had a returned payment fee in each of the prior six billing cycles.
 OR
 2. $41, if you have had a returned payment fee in any one or more of the prior six billing cycles.
 The returned payment fee will not be more than the amount permitted by applicable law. We may represent any
 returned payment. A returned payment fee may be charged even if your payment is honored on a subsequent
 representment.
 Minimum Payment Calculation
 Your total minimum payment is calculated as follows.
 The sum of:
 a. For the new balance (excluding any balance attributable to a special promotional purchase with a unique payment calculation) shown on your billing
 statement, the greater of:
 i. $30; or
 ii. 3.5% of the new balance shown on your billing statement; or
 iii. The sum of 1% of your new balance shown on your billing statement plus interest and late payment fees charged in the current billing cycle; PLUS
 b. Any past due amounts; PLUS
 c. Any payment due in connection with a special promotional purchase with a unique payment calculation.
 We round up to the next highest whole dollar in figuring your total minimum payment. Your total minimum payment will never be more than your new balance.
 SECTION III: STANDARD PROVISIONS
 SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
 ABOUT THE CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
 This Agreement. This is an Agreement between you and Synchrony Bank, 170 Election Road, Suite 125, Draper, UT 84020, for your credit card account
 shown above. By opening or using your account, you agree to the terms of the entire Agreement. The entire Agreement includes the four sections of
 this document and the application you submitted to us in connection with the account. These documents replace any other agreement relating to your
 account that you or we made earlier or at the same time.
 Parties To This Agreement. This Agreement applies to each accountholder approved on the account and each of you is responsible for paying the full
 amount due, no matter which one uses the account. We may treat each of you as one accountholder and may refer to each of you as “you” or “your.”
 Synchrony Bank may be referred to as “we,” “us” or “our.”
 Changes To This Agreement. We may change, add or delete terms of this Agreement, including interest rates, fees and charges.
 Special Promotions. The terms of this Agreement apply to any special promotions. However, any special promotional terms that are different than the
 terms in this Agreement will be explained on promotional advertising or other disclosures provided to you.
 HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT/CARD
 Use Of Your Account. You may use your account only for lawful personal, family or household purposes. You may use your account for purchases
 from dealers/merchants/retailers that accept the card.
 You Promise To Pay. You promise to pay us for all amounts owed to us under this Agreement.
 Your Responsibility. Each accountholder will receive a card. You may not allow anyone else to use your account. If you do, or if you ask us to send a
 card to someone else, you will be responsible for paying for all charges resulting from their transactions.
 Purchase Limits. To prevent fraud, we may limit the number or dollar amount of purchases you can make in any particular amount of time. We also
 may decline any particular charge on your account for any reason.
 Credit Limit. You will be assigned a credit limit on your account that we may increase or decrease from time to time. If we approve a purchase that
 makes you go over your credit limit, we do not give up any rights under this Agreement and we do not treat it as an increase in your credit limit.
 HOW AND WHEN TO MAKE PAYMENTS
 When Payments Are Due. You must pay at least the total minimum payment due on your account by the due date of each billing cycle in accordance
 with the requirements set forth on each billing statement. Payments received after the due date will be credited as of the next day. You may at any time
 pay, in whole or in part, the total unpaid balance without any additional charge for prepayment. If you have a balance subject to interest, earlier payment
 may reduce the amount of interest you will pay. We may delay making credit available on your account in the amount of your payment even though
 we will credit your payment when we receive it.
Payment Options. You can pay by mail, online or at certain dealers/merchants/retailers that accept the card and payments. We may allow you to make
 payments over the phone but we may charge you a fee to make expedited phone payments. Your payment must be made in U.S. dollars by physical
 or electronic check, money order or a similar instrument from a bank located in the United States.
 How To Make A Payment. You must follow the instructions for making payments provided on your billing statement. If you do not, credit of your
 payment may be delayed up to five days. Your billing statement also explains how information on your check is used.
 Payment Allocation. We will apply the required total minimum payment to balances on your account using any method we choose. Any payment you
 make in excess of the required total minimum payment will be applied to higher APR balances before lower APR balances. Applicable law may require
 or permit us to apply excess payments in a different manner in certain situations, such as when your account has a certain type of special promotion.
 INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
 Using And Sharing Your Information. When you applied for an account, you gave us, dealers/merchants/retailers that accept the card and program
 sponsors information about yourself that we could share with each other. Dealers/merchants/retailers that accept the card and program sponsors (and
 their respective affiliates) will use the information in connection with the credit program and for things like creating and updating their records and offering
 you special benefits. More information about how we use and share information is set forth in the privacy policy for your account.
 Address/Phone Change. You represent that any phone number that you provide to us belongs to you and/or that you are authorized to provide that
 number. You also agree to tell us right away if you change your address or any phone number.
 Consent To Communications. You consent to us, as well as any other owner or servicer of your account, contacting you through any channel
 of communication and for any purpose and at any time, as permitted by applicable law. For informational, servicing, fraud, or collection related
 communications, you agree that we may use the phone numbers that you provide to us to contact your cellular phone or wireless device with text
 messages, artificial or prerecorded voice calls, and calls made by an automatic telephone dialing system. Text frequency may vary and may be recurring.
 This consent applies even if you are charged for the call under your plan. You are responsible for any charges that may be billed to you by your
 communications carrier when we contact you. Message and data rates may vary. We and any carrier are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
 If you have questions, please call the number on the back of your card.
 Telephone Monitoring. For quality control, you allow us to listen to and/or record telephone calls between you and us.
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNT
 Closing Your Account.  You may close your account at any time by sending a letter to the address shown on your billing statement or calling customer
 service. We may close your account at any time, for any reason. If your account is closed, you must stop using it. You must still pay the full amount
 you owe and this Agreement will remain in effect until you do.
 Collection Costs. If we ask an attorney who is not our salaried employee to collect your account, we may charge you our collection costs. These
 include court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 Credit Bureau Reporting. We may report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on
 your account may be shown in your credit report. Tell us if you think we reported wrong information about you to a credit bureau. Write to us at Synchrony
 Bank, P.O. Box 71757, Philadelphia, PA 19176-1757. Tell us what information is wrong and why you think it is wrong. If you have a copy of the credit
 report that includes the wrong information, send us a copy.
 Default. You are in default if you make a late payment, do not follow any other term of this Agreement or become bankrupt or insolvent. If you default
 or upon your death, we may (a) request payment of the full amount due right away, (b) take legal action to collect the amounts owed, and/or (c) take
 any other action allowed.
 Disputed Amounts. The billing rights summary in section IV of this Agreement describes what to do if you think there is a mistake on your
 bill. If you send us correspondence about a disputed amount or payment, you must send it to the address for billing inquiries. We do not
 give up any rights under this Agreement if we accept a payment marked “payment in full” or given with any other conditions or limitations.
 Unauthorized Use. If your card is lost, stolen or used without your consent, call us immediately at 1-866-396-8254. You will not be liable for unauthorized
 use on your account, but you will be responsible for all use by anyone you give your card to or allow to use your account.
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT
 Assignment. We may sell, assign or transfer any or all of our rights or duties under this Agreement or your account, including our rights to payments. We
 do not have to give you prior notice of such action. You may not sell, assign or transfer any of your rights or duties under this Agreement or your account.
 Enforceability. If any part of this Agreement is found to be void or unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement will still apply.
 Governing Law. Except as provided in the Resolving a Dispute with Arbitration section, this Agreement and your account are governed by federal law
 and, to the extent state law applies, the laws of Utah without regard to its conflicts of law principles. This Agreement has been accepted by us in Utah.
 Waiver. We may give up some of our rights under this Agreement. If we give up any of our rights in one situation, we do not give up the same right
 in another situation.
 RESOLVING A DISPUTE WITH ARBITRATION
 PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT REJECT IT, THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO YOUR ACCOUNT, AND MOST
 DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE SUBJECT TO INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION. THIS MEANS THAT: (1) NEITHER A COURT NOR A
 JURY WILL RESOLVE ANY SUCH DISPUTE; (2) YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEEDING;
 (3) LESS INFORMATION WILL BE AVAILABLE; AND (4) APPEAL RIGHTS WILL BE LIMITED.
 1.
 2.
 3.
 4.
 5.
 CLAIMS AND PARTIES. If either you or we make a demand for arbitration, you and we must arbitrate any dispute or claim between you
 (including any other user of your account), and us (including our parents, affiliates, agents, employees, officers, and assignees) that directly
 or indirectly arises from or relates to your account, your account Agreement or our relationship, except as noted below. In addition, dealers/
 merchants/retailers and/or any assignee, agent, or service provider of ours that collects amounts due on your account are intended beneficiaries
 of this Arbitration section and may enforce it in full (notwithstanding any state law to the contrary).
 This Arbitration section broadly covers claims, including counterclaims, based upon contract, tort, consumer rights, fraud and other intentional
 torts, negligence, constitution, statute, regulation, ordinance, common law and equity and claims for money damages and injunctive or declaratory
 relief, even if they arose before this section took effect. You may not sell, assign or transfer a claim.
 Examples of claims subject to arbitration are disputes about an account transaction, fees, charges or interest, the events leading up to the
 Agreement (such as any disclosures, advertisements, promotions or oral or written statements, warranties or representations made by us), an
 application for or denial of credit, any product or service provided by us or third parties in connection with the Agreement, credit reporting,
 benefit programs related to your account including any reward program, the collection of amounts due by our assignees, service providers, or
 agents and the manner of collection.
 However, we will not require you to arbitrate any individual case in small claims court or your state’s equivalent court, so long as it remains an
 individual case in that court. Also, even if all parties have opted to litigate a claim in court, you or we may elect arbitration with respect to any
 claim made by a new party or any claim later asserted by a party in any related or unrelated lawsuit, including modifying an individual claim to
 assert a class, representative or multi-party claim. Arbitration may be requested at any time, even where there is a pending lawsuit, unless a
 trial has begun, or a final judgment entered.
 Only a court will decide disputes about the validity, enforceability, coverage or scope of this Arbitration section or any part thereof. However, any
 dispute that concerns the validity or enforceability of the Agreement as a whole is for the arbitrator to decide.
 4
6.
 NO CLASS ACTIONS. IF EITHER YOU OR WE ELECT TO ARBITRATE A CLAIM, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT (A) TO
 PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION IN COURT OR IN
 ARBITRATION, EITHER AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER, OR (B) TO JOIN OR CONSOLIDATE CLAIMS WITH CLAIMS OF
 ANY OTHER PERSONS EXCEPT ACCOUNTHOLDERS ON YOUR ACCOUNT. THUS, YOU MAY NOT BRING CLAIMS AGAINST US ON BEHALF
 OF ANY ACCOUNTHOLDER WHO IS NOT AN ACCOUNTHOLDER ON YOUR ACCOUNT, AND YOU AGREE THAT ONLY ACCOUNTHOLDERS
 ON YOUR ACCOUNT MAY BE JOINED IN A SINGLE ARBITRATION WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE.
 7.
 8.
 9.
 10.
 11.
 12.
 13.
 14.
 PROCEDURES. The party who wants to arbitrate must notify the other party in writing. This notice can be given after the beginning of a lawsuit
 or in papers filed in the lawsuit. Otherwise, your notice must be sent to Synchrony Bank, Legal Operation, P.O. Box 29110, Shawnee Mission, KS
 66201-5320, ATTN: ARBITRATION DEMAND. The party seeking arbitration must select either the American Arbitration Association (AAA), 120
 Broadway, Floor 21, New York, NY 10271, www.adr.org
 , or JAMS, 620 Eighth Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, NY 10018, www.jamsadr.com
 ,
 to administer the arbitration. If neither administrator can handle the dispute, a court with jurisdiction will appoint an arbitrator.
 The arbitration administrator will appoint the arbitrator and will tell the parties what to do next. The arbitrator must be a lawyer with at least
 ten years of legal experience. The arbitrator must apply the same law, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), that would apply to an
 individual action in court, but may use different procedural rules. The arbitrator will apply the same statutes of limitation and privileges that a
 court would apply if the matter were pending in court.
 The arbitrator may award any damages or other relief or remedies that would apply under applicable law to an individual action brought in court,
 including, without limitation, punitive damages (governed by the Constitutional standards employed by the courts) and injunctive, equitable and
 declaratory relief (but only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s
 individual claim). The parties will bear the fees and costs of their attorneys, witnesses and experts. However, the arbitrator will have the authority
 to award fees and costs of attorneys, witnesses and experts to the extent permitted by the Agreement, the administrator’s rules or applicable law.
 The arbitration will take place by phone or at a location reasonably convenient to you. If you ask, we will pay all the fees the administrator or
 arbitrator charges if you cannot obtain a waiver of fees from the administrator and are acting in good faith. We will pay arbitration costs required
 by the administrator’s rules or that are necessary for this Arbitration section to be enforced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will be required
 to advance half of all administrative fees and arbitrator’s fees (and to be responsible for payment of such fees to the extent not advanced) if
 you pursue arbitration as part of a group of similar arbitrations, or if you otherwise seek to participate in a mass arbitration proceeding. If an
 arbitration already in process is later determined to be part of a mass arbitration proceeding, we shall have the right to request that the arbitrator
 order you to reimburse us for fees already paid or advanced.
 GOVERNING LAW. This Arbitration section is governed by the FAA. Utah law shall apply to the extent state law is relevant under the FAA, unless
 otherwise stated herein. The arbitrator’s award will be final and binding, except for any appeal right under the FAA. Any court with jurisdiction
 may enter judgment upon the arbitrator’s award. The arbitration award and any judgment confirming it will apply only to the specific case and
 cannot be used in any other case except to enforce the award.
 SURVIVAL. This Arbitration section shall survive the repayment of all amounts owed, the termination, cancellation or suspension of the Agreement
 or your account or credit privileges, any legal proceeding, and any bankruptcy by you, to the extent consistent with applicable bankruptcy law. If
 this Arbitration section conflicts with the applicable arbitration rules or the other provisions of the Agreement, this Arbitration section shall govern.
 SEVERABILITY. If any portion of this Arbitration section is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions shall nevertheless remain
 in force with the following two exceptions. First, if a determination is made that the “No Class Actions” provision is unenforceable, and that
 determination is not reversed on appeal, then this Arbitration section shall be void in its entirety. Second, if a court determines that a public
 injunctive relief claim may proceed notwithstanding the “No Class Actions” provision, and that determination is not reversed on appeal, then the
 public injunctive relief claim will be decided by a court, and any individual claims will be arbitrated. The parties will ask the court to stay the public
 injunctive relief claim until the other claims have been finally concluded.
 HOW TO REJECT ARBITRATION. You may reject this Arbitration section. If you do that, a court will resolve any dispute or claim. To reject
 this section, send us a notice within 45 days after you open your account or we first provided you with your right to reject this section. The
 notice must include your name, address, account number, and personal signature, and must be mailed to Synchrony Bank, P.O. Box 71734,
 Philadelphia, PA 19176-1734. This is the only way you can reject this section. Rejecting this Arbitration section will not affect any other provision
 of the Agreement. It will also not affect any prior arbitration agreement or dispute resolution provision between you and us, which will remain in
 full force and effect. If you don't reject this Arbitration section, it will be effective as of the date of the Agreement and will supersede any prior
 arbitration agreement between you and us that would otherwise be applicable.
 SECTION IV: OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
 SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD  ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
 This section of the agreement includes state notices, billing rights summary and rewards terms (if applicable) and is not required to be provided as part of the
 credit card agreement posted online or provided to the CFPB.
 FR833282333_SYNCHRONY BANK CREDIT CARD
 TC PLCC PDF 184-017-00 WF7573945KS
 9/2024
 5