CS 301 		
Credit Card Calculator Use Case
 Title Calculating Credit Costs for Regular Credit Card Usage and Common Payment Strategies
 Rationale/Description/Goal
 The user wants to understand the impact of different payment strategies for purchase they 
made with their credit card over a period of time. The user may start with an existing balance 
that is greater than 0. The purpose is to quantify the cost of credit in terms of interest and fees 
compared to the gains as earned rewards.
 Actor/User: Regular user
 Preconditions:
 A CSV file with transactions for a time period at least one month long to allow for a meaningful 
computation and valid data for transactions (date, category, amount in $). Date is formatted 
yyyy-mm-dd, category is one of the three Groceries, Gas, or Other.
 Main Success Scenario:
 1. User starts program
 2. System starts and shows main screen with instructions
 3. User selects an input csv file
 4. System reads data from file, confirms #transactions it found in the file, total amount of 
purchases and time interval with dates of first and last transaction such that user can 
understand what has been loaded
 5. User chooses settings to process the data (here: proceeds with default settings)
 6. System calculates interest and fees for the default settings (payment strategy, APR, fees, 
due date, grace period, reward percentage per category) and shows a summary statistics 
of beginning balance, ending balance, total payments, total interest, total fees, total 
rewards, all of these values are given in $. Preferably visualized by some appropriate mean.
 7. User closes the program. 
8. The program terminates.
 Post conditions:
 No changes to CSV file, this is read access only. 
Variation #1: File not found, not accessible, wrong format
 In step 3, the user selects a file that can’t be opened or the date is not in the correct format. 
The System responds with a corresponding error message and allows the user to either close 
the program (Step 7) or select another file (Step 3).
 Variation #2 User selects parameters
 In step 5, the user selects a particular starting date and duration (months, years), the APR, the 
values for late and returned payment fees, the monthly due date and the length of the grace 
period. The user sets a particular $ value for the starting balance. The user selects the default 
payment policy (Light Revolver) and default settings for reward categories (3% groceries, 2% 
gas/ev charging, 1% all others). The user selects the interest calculation method Average Daily 
Balance method or the Synchrony method. The system continues with step 6 but for the 
selected value settings.
 Variation #3 User selects a payment policy.
 In variation #2, step 5: the user selects parameters and one of the following payment 
strategies: 
- Early Transactor: always pay the full statement balance at the first day of the grace period 
avoiding fees and interest. The starting balance is selected as $0. Occasionally uses rewards 
for gift cards, not for payments.- Wall Street Transactor: always pay the full statement balance at the last day of the grace 
period avoiding fees and interest. Uses rewards each month for statement credit (i.e., as a 
partial payment that reduces the statement balance). The starting balance is selected as $0.- Light Revolver: pays five months the minimum payment each month and pays after the 6th 
month the full statement balance. After that it repeats. All payments are on the last day of the 
grace period. In this way, the account is always in good standing, there are no late fees but 
interest accumulates till the account is paid in full.  The starting balance is selected as 
$1000. The customer uses the rewards for gift cards, not for payments.- Heavy Revolver: only pays the minimum payment each month. Pays 5 times on the last day 
of the grace period, then pays 5 days late incurring late fees and an increased penalty APR. 
The starting balance is selected as $5000.
 The system continues with step 6.
 Variation #4: Detailed visualization
 After step 6, the user selects an option to dig deeper into the data and selects if the level of 
detail is daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly. The system shows a graphical visualization of 
balances, interest and fees as these values develop over time. After that the user continues 
with step 7.